Document authentication reqs in openapi schema (#109613)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-troubleshoot-api-authentication-failures.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// lightspeed-docs-main/troubleshoot/ols-troubleshooting-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ols-troubleshoot-api-authentication-failures_{context}"]
= Troubleshoot API authentication failures

[role="_abstract"]

> If authentication fails, the {ols-long} API returns an error code and a detail string. Use the following table to identify the cause of the failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the status codes and error details to identify and resolve common authentication failures when connecting to the {ols-long} API.
```
